docs: Clarified web worker `type: 'module'` is compiled away (#9742)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/features.md

const worker = new MyWorker()
```

> The worker script can also use `import` statements (with `type: 'module'` option) instead of `importScripts()` - note during dev this relies on browser native support and currently only works in Chrome, but for the production build it is compiled away.

Reviewer: This addition makes it sounds like you can only use `import` when using `type: 'module'` and that isn't the case. Could you expand on what you find confusing here?
Maybe it could be:
```suggestion
The worker script can also use `import` statements (both for classic and `type: 'module'` workers) instead of `importScripts()` - note during dev this relies on browser native support and currently only works in Chrome, but for the production build it is compiled away.
```

Author: Hmm but now it sounds like you could use import statement in classic type

Reviewer: Yes, you can use it in classic types. It will be bundled and compiled away

Author: Oh I didn't know that. What is the point of the module type then?

Reviewer 2: It works when `?worker` is used.
But it does not work in dev when `new Worker(new URL('./foo.js', import.meta.url))` is used (#8470).

Reviewer: And @Pyrolistical, the module type controls how it is bundled in production (but should still be able to use ES modules to do your workers in both, except for the bug that @sapphi-red just linked)
